I am from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, the high city of Russia, Cherepovets Cherepovets It is somewhere near the highest Moscow there to the north Yes, but northwestern Cherepovets region I will ask people from Russia how you feel about the war in Ukraine  it was a sad necessity, you are sad Why do you need to be in Cherepovets you were sitting there, for example, you were sitting somewhere there, you need to explain it, well, on the eve of February 24, Russia recognized two independent states, so it concluded a military treaty of mutual assistance with them They asked everyone to help  And when these states, if what kind of state I understand what they are called Well, what do you think, I don’t know how you know Name the two states that Abkhazia and Transnistria admitted Well, you had in Ukraine Which republics The Autonomous Republic of Crimea was part of Ukraine so it was Donbas Donetsk  regions and Lugansk region  what kind of republics were there I discovered the Constitution of Ukraine there is no republic there you are in Ukraine you have a bad memory you have a bad memory in general bad And which countries I just can’t understand really well if you say that some countries ask Russia for help  to recognize them as countries as they are called LPR and DPR, this stands for Lugansk People's Republic and Donetsk, there were such states And who created them when and I wonder we recognized them 2 when they look, you recognized them there 20 someone And when they created  if they were I wonder when they were Wait Maybe no, maybe no one created such states again, I’m not interested when they created that maybe no one created them, but we recognized two independent states, it turns out you took it on foreign territory, you simply recognized that And these areas will be  now the state and we recognize them yes yes it turns out you yourself created these states recognized them represent there is e  there is an example you want an example from international practice you are by education who doesn’t matter very well because I know an example from an international marriage the republic of northern cyprus you know so on the basis of what they recognized the republic of their territory so it happens to be the territory of the border that is, you get to see you on the basis of what  they recognized this Republic That's it And we also recognized 2 independent states That's all of us you took part of the territory of Ukraine recognized that it is now not part of Ukraine And the State and annexed later I understood yes it's called no it's not called occupation you know no But how  this is called, but how do you see if, for example, I now take a part of your apartment, proclaim it my apartment and put the words nothing on the basis of the fact that I proclaimed it my apartment, on the basis of which I ask, on the basis of my desire to proclaim it my apartment, for this there must be some kind of law  what can be declared territ  you read the recognition of Independence on the Internet, everyone will find the state somehow formed Who and when formed it I can’t understand the Internet Internet I can search the Internet if you want to find it I’m interested, look Yes, because look, for example, we can Ukraine, so Ukraine  I can say the Supreme Council of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic on August 24, 1991 proclaimed the independence of Ukraine; there is a body specifically authorized by all the people, elected so he proclaimed independence on behalf of this people.  Residents of Ukraine no one in particular Look who its once again the former People's Republic of Lugansk April 27, 14, the inhabitants announced it How many inhabitants two three How many inhabitants are not written Wrote Wikipedia Yes, I wonder why and what's the difference I, for example, if you and I Two, for example, take  m and let's say that he proclaimed the Bryansk People's Republic there, it has some weight, but they recognized it or not, wait again, so you say we, let's go back to recognizing it is necessary to create so here is the formation of the state who created it You read that on April 27, 27  April Yes, when hostilities were already going on in the Donbass for 14 years, that is, Russian realists invaded the territory of the Donetsk Luhansk region, and even there we did not invade the territory on April 12, 2014, the Russian terrorist shooters of weights captured the city of Slavyansk This is who the Russian terrorist is, the Russian citizen Yes, well  Russian terrorist Yes, Yes, he invaded the territory of Ukraine Yes, and the city of Slavyansk entered the war, one, but not one, there were many of them Yes, how many of them were there, that is, we are approaching how many of them were from the weight We the first detachment went 52 people or 53 further  Well, where was your army, why didn’t it turn out, why did it turn out, why didn’t it turn out to be inhabitants of d  in order to be able to take it right away, yes, but they sent people to the negotiations, a weak army at all, or because you had a mess in your country and a mess was created for us. Russia is such a mess. That's all.  Russian terrorists started a war in the Donbas so no Who started Here I say Russian tourists invaded and captured the city of Slovyansk  maybe there were no hostilities, which means there was no war. That is, it turns out that we are approaching the fact that the hostilities on the territory of the Donetsk Luhansk region there was resistance of civilians. What does the resistance of the mines of the inhabitants mean?  always from you this is a curiosity, and we can also put it How often do you  how many rallies did you participate in your life in 5 participated for what conclusion did you hold a rally, you can say city problems, citywide state ones did not interest you Well, I participated in city ones In general, state officials somewhere don’t consider it interesting, then all state officials didn’t understand no Cool Why didn’t everyone understand state  arranged Yes, it’s cool well it turns out that you found out with you You confirmed that before the armed terrorists of Girkin’s shooters captured the city of Slavyansk, there were no hostilities on the territory of Donetsk resistance of nervous residents What resistance was in what she didn’t shoot which exotic countries say the press so it turned out yes  Yes, a small number of residents came out and put up, and that of course That is, you justify the war by the fact that a small number of residents protested No, what kind of Ukraine reacted And how did it react Well Let's remember how to tell If you confirmed that before 12 ap  in 2014, until the Russian militants broke in, there were no armed clashes in the Donbass. So everything was normal there, really. No, it wasn’t normal.  it was like this before April 12, it turns out everything was fine, yes, when you say the dates on the facts right away until April 12, the fact is until April 12, 2014, no hostilities, no dead and wounded Yes, there was not what I ask for 9 months already asking What happened  What happened in 2014, I’ll ask you, I know Tuesday, you could not know, yes, I understand, so tell me here, you read what you read on April 7 Well, you read Tell me, military operations began in the Donbass, who was killed, what was shelled on April 7, I can’t say what they wrote to me on April 7  hostilities began where, for example, the officially recorded fact began that on April 12 they began when they captured on April 12  militants the city of Slavyansk If you say that you started on April 7, well 8 years old you could have Where you were 8 years old you could have learned in 8 years no yes let's why I don't know So let's keep quiet and you will find Let's find on April 7, 2014 a group of people who seized the building  in the administration in Donetsk and declared the Donetsk People's Republic What Not So wait So let's now where we would not be fighting And you just have an interesting fact here you are about the Luhansk and now you say that the Donetsk Republic was declared by some anonymous group of people who seized the administration yes  can you tell me who these people how many of these people were so who announced this Donetsk, I’m interested in what you screwed up that there was no action understood so And now let’s not establish on the seventh day a group of citizens captured They went into the assembly hall and said that here they are like Donetsk  They entered like they took it, they opened the door, so here I am, who killed whom, where were the hostilities, let's  you said that on the seventh day they did what they did what actions they went into the hall and just said that there they were seven drunkards it would be the Donetsk People's Republic But this is your version it was good it was so all these people even saw on TV Well they showed see Donetsk city council then  there is an official body elected by all the inhabitants of the Donbass, the regional world said that no such decisions were made. That is, it’s just five drunks like how you four friends came in and said that we now have the Bryansk People’s Republic, whatever, there were hostilities here until April 12 you  they said on the seventh the riots of hostilities began there wasn’t you already recognize yes, that is, how That is, no one in the city suffered, of course Find Let’s Who was shot was it’s the history of the DPR Let’s who was shot there in the seventh year of the seventh wounded me I’m wondering you will be the first Russian who to me  this will tell really the first no one could and you will sing I'm finally  the father found a connoisseur of tension I can find all this in 8 years there was no desire to find Yes because you had a mess you say what kind of balabol you are you said that there were hostilities finally someone will tell me because I ask everyone people  who is watching from me tell me Bring me who can’t deduct climbed on the Internet, they didn’t find it either, it would be like that if it really was like that, it was already painted on the Internet The only one who still keeps this secret knowledge You have to tell me this the more number  people Why exactly 7 to 12 now if 7 to 12 there were some kind of military operations before whom Where When they shot there they killed they shot at all the wounded Who was the riots started don’t wait let’s not confuse you were talking about military operations now I don’t confuse anything at  you started civil disobedience let's say there were no clashes yes again They captured him the clash was captured or not you are trying not to wear look again  grandfather means if you are not children These are your problems Let's talk about civilian non-penetration yes about Let's talk about military operations you have already lost so no no not lost Well you lost no you couldn't say You'll look at the military operations in the record Yes, let's now Civil wrong how many people  showed civil disobedience And what's the difference, for example, look if a drunk walks down the street like that throws a bottle and says Putin [ __ ] this is civil disobedience yes yes an insult to the president and publicly if for example this wino walks throws a bottle of keys Putin [ __ ] and says I proclaim St. Petersburg the territory of America he will be caught  the police and go where you need to, that is, one person, I can’t decide anything, well, a bar of some sort, you’re swung around, and now you’re yelling, throwing a bottle, shouting Putin [ __ ] up and proclaiming the St. Petersburg tax, firstly, I won’t do this drunk and a drunk person will be caught well  then to throw a bottle  and they said the People's Republic of St. Petersburg to proclaim it declared the Republic and through an independent state you are now running away again we defeated them or a person How many people did disobedience This is how it looks Why you didn’t stop them how much I want to understand why you didn’t stop them according to the law 1  2 3 how many there were how many people why didn’t you stop them Why did you lose the Donbass lived in the Donbass or How many millions of people went out At a rally, for example, with disobedience Yes, I’m not interested 50 people separated 50 people can’t capture such a separated who proclaimed it I have no idea Exactly  the fact that it appeared Yes, it appeared well and for some reason And who was the first leader of this manifested Donetsk People's Republic, the so-called you will know better than me, really, I wonder if you know, I don’t know Muscovite, a citizen of the Russian Federation, beard your politician, it turned out well that some people  then incomprehensible people in Donetsk proclaimed  some incomprehensible Republic and some man from Moscow became their head, they didn’t understand at all, they chose what the problem was and who chose when Well ask them who I’ll ask them Give me a list of those whom I chose to ask That’s it  the people of the LPR and asks, I don’t know, they sent some kind of [ __ ] from Moscow and said he now you have a head lady sent and then they took and agreed this is your territory there is a police there is an army and the police have cities Let’s eat or not Why They captured When  you captured Kherson If you don’t It’s your problems and it turns out you recognized this territory as yours Yes, and also sent it away ingloriously How do you explain why you gave up the territory that you consider to be the territory of Russia, that is, some Nazi gave this territory so it turns out and what what  this is very good, it shows the whole world that Russia's military operations in Ukraine have ended or not, they will end when they end then  and let's talk that it was good World War II World War II was from the age of 39 and there was no Great Patriotic War Yes, it was only Stalin that called it Well, because they attacked someone Well, because Stalin's ally Hitler attacked him treacherously Yes, we were not like it was not  ribbentrop who signed this pact they attack and here the Soviet Union got Brest who signed Germany treaties how Brest got into Russian territory in the territory of the Soviet Union Brest in Poland how it got Soviet troops entered the territory seized to Poland on the territory of former Poland as it were Poland with  on one side, what troops climbed outside, then the Soviet troops when hostilities began in Poland on September 1, when the Polish government left in full strength if the government can run away, that is, if the government ran away, you can occupy the territory Yes, as I understand it, if the government ran away, it stopped recognizing the country as its citizens yet  once the government  in full force refuses to administer its territory, for example, the government, that is, to give this territory to its own, the Germans captured Brest, the Germans captured the Brest Fortress Yes, how If the Germans captured Brest So, how did Brest become part of the Soviet Union, they handed it over to us and that the Nazis handed over the city to you Yes, why  how did it happen that the Nazis who fought the whole civilized world with them you shared the whole TV with them didn’t fight see already England fought Already no how to start on September 1 2 World all this the Germans attacked Poland, that’s all Germany didn’t fight No And why you, for example Why  if the government runs away of course But if the government refuses to govern its territory This is who if the rulers kill the state one ruler ceases to exist and here the whole government left if the whole government It turns out to shoot the whole state  there is no new government in the country;  were on Red Square When, in 41, in 41, what date is May 1, 1941, the Nazis at the parade in Moscow directly into YouTube, and that how it happened that on May 1 the First World War has been going on for two years almost World War II World War II and the Germans  Nazis, so these inhuman personalities, they are in the Soviet Union at the May Day demonstration along with the Soviet command on Red Square Why not google with us Let's google all grandfather blew up 100 exactly grandfather was smeared on all topics that can only be so starting Donbass ending a pancake as far as they are  cynical critters so more wow  because the government fled, it means there is no country, it can be captured in a shorter time, no matter what, from the realization of the fact that Poland was captured by the Soviet Union, including together with Nazi Germany, they have been going for 41 years The Soviet Union was an ally, it must be so correct And to name what squeezes more they squeezed together  legitimized the attack on Poland, and when they tell us yes, that is, until June 22, before Hitler's attack on the Soviet Union, something is normal. The Soviet Union sniffed with these Germans at the May Day demonstration.  Ukraine